Rewritten Getting Started Guide (#315)
dantman/elite-vr-cockpit: GETTING-STARTED.md

Getting Started
===============
If you're having problems after the initial setup. Read the [reminders](#10-reminders-before-you-get-started)

## 1. vJoy

Before running the Elite VR Cockpit you will need to install and configure [vJoy](https://sourceforge.net/projects/vjoystick/files/latest/download).

Open up `vJoy Configure` and make sure you have 2 vJoy Devices Configured:

#### vJoy device 1 (default enabled) ####
* Axis: make sure all axis are enabled
* Buttons: Set to 32. Technically, you only need 8, but setting this higher will make it future-proof
* POV/HAT switches: set to "4 Directions" and make sure there are 4 POVs configured
* Enable all Force Feedback effects

| vJoy Device 1                             |
| :---------------------------------------- |
| ![vJoy Device 1](Images/vJoyDevice1.png)  |

#### vJoy device 2 ####
enable this by clicking the "2" tab at the top and then clicking the "Add Device" button near the bottom of the window
* Axis: make sure all axis are enabled (same as device 1)
* Buttons: Set to 32 (same as device 1)

> * POV/HAT switch: set to continuous and 0 POVs

Author: That's a fair point! I usually like to leave explicit instructions, in case defaults ever change. It doesn't seem likely in this case, but would you be ok if I just appended a (default) tag to the end of that line?

> * POV/HAT switch: set to continuous and 0 POVs

Reviewer: I guess adding a (default) tag would be fine. But I'm saying the overlay doesn't use device 2's POVs at all. If the user changed the device 2 POVs to the non-default 4-way POVs, it wouldn't matter to the overlay. A "Leave unchanged" instead of a explicit instruction would be equally useful.

> * POV/HAT switch: set to continuous and 0 POVs

Author: Ah, that makes more sense. I've added a note to that effect

> * POV/HAT switch: set to continuous and 0 POVs

Reviewer: I don't see any note on this in the current version.

| vJoy Device 2                            |
| :--------------------------------------- |
| ![vJoy Device 2](Images/vJoyDevice2.png) |

### 1a. Steam Big Picture

Steam Big Picture mode has special controller handling that can break vJoy. Open up Steam Big Picture's Controller Settings (accessable through the Big Picture mode button and accessible in VR from "Browse All" and navigating to the top) and ensure that the "Generic Gamepad Configuration Support" setting is **disabled**. If you do not, vJoy will not recieve any input from EVRC or any other program that uses vJoy.

![Steam Big Picture - Controller Settings](Images/SteamBigPicture_ControllerSettings.jpg)

### 1b. Steam VR
This must be running in order for you to launch the game in VR mode. You can download it for free in the Steam Store. "Elite VR Cockpit.exe" will launch Steam VR on  your computer for you, but it must be installed first.

## 2. Download and run

Download the latest version of the Elite VR Cockpit from the [Releases](https://github.com/dantman/elite-vr-cockpit/releases) and extract it wherever you want. There is no installer so "Elite VR Cockpit.exe" can be run directly.

> ## 3. Launch Programs (in order)

Author: Good point! I'll remove it

0. If you have an Oculus, [do the workaround](OCULUS-WORKAROUND.md)

> 1. Start Steam VR (usually done within your headset)

Author: Ah, did not know that! 

Since I referenced steam VR in step 1b, maybe this is unnecessary? Or perhaps it could be re-worded to say "make sure Steam VR is running" on your headset?

> 1. Start Steam VR (usually done within your headset)

Reviewer: I guess this would be good.

```suggestion
1. Turn on your VR hardware and launch Steam VR. If you don't have a native Steam VR device it can be launched separately from within your headset.
```

3. Navigate through the menu to Options > Controls
4. At the top drop-down menu within the controls screen, set it to "generic joystick". This will give us a good starting point with a lot of defaults set for us.
5. Check your Flight Axis Bindings. If any of these are not already set, see the instructions for [How to set axis bindings](#bind-an-axis)

      - `[JOY RZ-AXIS]` on yaw axis
      - `[JOY X-AXIS]` on roll axis
      - `[JOY Y-AXIS]` on pitch axis (inverted)
      - `[JOY Z-AXIS]` on throttle axis
      - `[JOY RX-AXIS]` on the lateral thruster axis
      - `[JOY RY-AXIS]` on the vertical thruster axis
      - `[JOY U-AXIS]` on the forward/backward thruster axis

![Throttle](Images/ScreenshotThrottle.png) ![Joystick](Images/ScreenshotJoystick.png) 

6. Check you MAP axis bindings.[See instructions](#bind-an-axis) if these are wrong

    - *You will need to press the Map Holographic tab (instead of Cockpit) to set bindings for the galaxy map axis.*

      - `[JOY RY-AXIS]` on pitch axis
      - `[JOY RZ-AXIS]` on yaw axis
      - `[JOY X-AXIS]` on translate x
      - `[JOY Y-AXIS]` on translate y
      - `[JOY Z-AXIS]` on translate z
      - `[JOY V-AXIS]` on zoom

> 

Author: I added FSS and SRV axis bindings instructions

  - `Alt` joystick side = UI Back 
- IF `Alt` is *NOT* available for your controller
  - `Primary` joystick side = UI Select
  - `Secondary` joystick side = UI Back 
- `POV1 UP` = Select Target   --- We already bound this to UI up, but you can bind the same action in multiple contexts. When you're looking at a UI screen in your cockpit, it will move up, but when you're just flying, it will select target.

## Return to the game
We're done binding buttons for now. Get back to the game
1. Lock edits by clicking the padlock. The cockpit screen will disappear
2. Use menu mode, if necessary, to save your configurations and resume the game

## 8. Holographic buttons
While sitting in your VR cockpit (in a training session), re-open Edit Mode by touching the padlock with the circle on your controller and pull the trigger to interact with it.

When edit mode is unlocked you will be able to use the grip button to reposition any holographic element on the screen, including the list of buttons itself.

The buttons menu is the first tab that we saw when we unlocked edit mode earlier. If unlocking the padlock doesn't automatically show this screen, click the "buttons" tab now. 

> ![Add buttons](Images/ScreenshotAddButton.png)

Author: I do have that source image and I like your idea of adding the notes about page up/down and grey buttons!

    - `Deploy Landing Gear` - upper-right of your cockpit, near the handle (see picture below)
    - `Ship Lights` - upper right, near the Landing Gear (see picture below)

![Add buttons](Images/ScreenshotEditPanelButtons.png)
![Holographic buttons](Images/ScreenshotButton.png)

Buttons can be removed by moving them close to the trash icon and leaving them there for a few seconds.
## Buttons can be removed by moving them close to the trash icon for a few seconds.

![Remove buttons](Images/ScreenshotButtonTrash.png)

## 9. Holographic button bindings
## Elite Dangerous must have a keyboard binding for an action, in order for a holographic button to work
Holographic buttons with missing bindings will show up in red

You do not need to setup a specific button layout in order to use ship function buttons. Any keyboard binding you have configured for a control will be read from your custom bindings and the button will press that button combo.
![Holographic button with no keyboard binding](Images/ScreenshotButtonNoBindings.png)

Note that some keys do not currently have mappings; this can usually by fixed by sharing any warning you get or your `Custom.3.0.binds`.

> However this does mean that keyboard bindings must be setup for any system function button that you wish to use. If a control is unconfigured or only has non-keyboard bindings such as gamepad bindings it will not be usable. If Elite VR Cockpit cannot find keyboard bindings for a button it will appear red when you spawn it.

Author: Ok - I will put back the warning about Custom.3.0.binds issue and also add the statement you suggested about keyboard bindings.

> ## 9. Restart Elite Dangerous to update your bindings

Author: Ok - that's good to know! I wasn't sure if this was still the case. I'll update this to be a suggestion if they're seeing a bug where their controls aren't loaded.

> Alternate screens like the galaxy map have different bindings. We setup the galaxy map in this guide, but there are other places where you may have to return to do more bindings.

Author: Yeah, I think that's a good point. I don't think I conveyed my point well in this section. I'll revise to make clear that all axes should be bound initially and also add some language to clarify the SRV and Fighter cockpit holographic buttons

>     - In the screen below, you can see the Game Controls Menu (background) with the Edit Cockpit holographic menu on top (might be blue or orange)

Author: good to know! I like your wording here and I also like the idea of adding the recommendation to the guide later.
